Update governance document to reflect fiscal sponsorship (#40)
pangeo-data/governance: governance.md

well-being of The Project, both technically and as a community. As The Project
draws its strength from representing the Community, it strives to avoid
fragmentation of the Community into separate projects, if possible.

> The Steering Council will maintain a minimum of three members.

Author: Required by NumFocus agreement.

Reviewer: It's not critical, but if it's not too late, seem like something like 7 members should be the minimum for the Steering Council (3 seems too small to me).

Reviewer 2: I suggest we revisit this later. In practice, we have more than 7 today so this shouldn't be a blocker to getting started with NumFocus.

Reviewer 3: Okay

To become eligible for being a Steering Council Member an individual must be a
Project Contributor who has produced contributions that are substantial in
quality and quantity, and sustained over at least six months.
After confirming the potential Council Member is interested and willing to serve
in that capacity, Members are nominated by Community Contributors and voted upon

> by the existing Council via majority vote.

Author: Required by NumFocus agreement.

   council, Council Members will self-facilitate membership check-ins every 6
   months to confirm that each member intends on continue their service on the
   Council.

> 2. A majority of the existing Council votes to remove a Member.

Author: Required by NumFocus agreement.

Partner. Once an institution becomes eligible for Institutional Partnership,
the Steering Council must nominate and approve the Partnership.

If an existing Institutional Partner no longer has a contributing employee, they
will be given a one-year grace period for other employees to begin contributing.

An Institutional Partner is free to pursue funding for their work on The Project
through any legal means, though the Institutional Partner is obliged to inform
the Steering Council of any such decisions. This could involve a non-profit
organization raising money from private foundations and donors or a for-profit
company building proprietary products and services that leverage Project
Software and Services. Funding acquired by Institutional Partners to work on The
Project is called Institutional Funding. However, no funding obtained by an
Institutional Partner can override the decisions of the Steering Council. If a
Partner has funding to do Project work and the Council decides to not pursue
that work as a project, the Partner is free to pursue it on their own. However,
in this situation, that part of the Partner’s work will not be under The Project

> umbrella.

Author: I have removed this entire section on "Institutional Partners". We never went through the process of identifying institutional partners, so it seems like it was not useful or relevant.

> all legal an fiduciary responsibility for the Project and its employees.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
all legal and fiduciary responsibility for the Project and its employees.
```

> ## Fiscal Sponsor, Project Funds, and Project Sponsors
> 
> The Project is associated with a Fiscal Sponsor. The Fiscal Sponsor maintains
> all legal an fiduciary responsibility for the Project and its employees.
> The current Fiscal Sponsor of the proejct is NumFOCUS Inc.
> The Steering Council will delegate one memebr to be the official liason with
> the Fiscal Sponsor.
> 
> The Fiscal Sponsor provides banking services to the Project and maintains a
> dedicated bank account for the Project (Project Funds). The Project may obtain
> funds from donations, grants, fees, and services. Any use of Project Funds must
> be approved by a majority vote of the Steering Council.
> 
> Individuals or institutions who make donations to the project (cash or in-kind)
> will be acknlowedged as offical Project Sponsors.
> The Steering Council may choose to define specific sponsorship tiers and mechanisms of
> acknolwedgement of Project Sponsors via a Sponsorship Policy.
> The Sponsorship Policy is not considered part of this governance document.
> 
> The Steering Council is the primary leadership for The Project. 
> No outside sponsor, institution, individual or legal entity has the ability to own,
> control, usurp or influence The Project other than by participating in the Project
> as Contributors and Council Members.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Fiscal Sponsor, Project Funds, and Project Sponsors

The Project is associated with a Fiscal Sponsor. The Fiscal Sponsor maintains
all legal an fiduciary responsibility for the Project and its employees.
The current Fiscal Sponsor of the project is NumFOCUS Inc.
The Steering Council will delegate one member to be the official liaison with
the Fiscal Sponsor.

The Fiscal Sponsor provides banking services to the Project and maintains a
dedicated bank account for the Project (Project Funds). The Project may obtain
funds from donations, grants, fees, and services. Any use of Project Funds must
be approved by a majority vote of the Steering Council.

Individuals or institutions who make donations to the project (cash or in-kind)
will be acknowledged as official Project Sponsors.
The Steering Council may choose to define specific sponsorship tiers and mechanisms of
acknowledgement of Project Sponsors via a Sponsorship Policy.
The Sponsorship Policy is not considered part of this governance document.

The Steering Council is the primary leadership for The Project. 
No outside sponsor, institution, individual or legal entity has the ability to own,
control, usurp or influence The Project other than by participating in the Project
as Contributors and Council Members.
```
